you wanna be in America Eddie can you
with a challenge I vast area
let's upload on oh my America
okay hello youtubers this is a quick
tutorial on how to change hair color
using Adobe Photoshop or in my case
photoshop cs3 but it's the same with
every single Photoshop version so first
of all select the picture that you that
you want to change the hair color of
just this simple go to file open and
select the picture that you want to
change the hair color in my case I got
this picture from google on the internet
jessica agua there we go her hair color
is pretty good but just we can make it
better I mean if you could change it but
this is just a tutorial so let's get
started first of all click on the
paintbrush tool so so you can be able to
select the areas that you want to make a
change to but before you do that you
must select down here is a rectangle
with the circum the middle and it's
called added quick mask mode and you can
select that either by clicking on it or
buy sell or by clicking or by selecting
q so then that that helps you because it
lets photoshop know but that you want to
select that you want to make a change on
a particular area and not all over so
then by using the paintbrush tool just
select the hair or paint over the hair
and now that's gonna let photoshop that
know that that's the area that you
wouldn't want to want to make a change
on so slowly do that in this case is a
tutorial so i'm just doing it fast but
for better results you should go very
very slowly and for and by zooming in
and out so you can see all the tiny
places that you missed and that's going
to give you a much better faq or result
but in this case I'm just
good fast just to show you this
highlight or here or just the part you
would like to and then fill in so that's
my read that you want to change when
they make a change in all the area not
not just not just the outside there you
go so now that we select the area for
the hair we must disconnect the Edit
quick mask tool by clicking on or just
by clicking on cue and now you notice
that the hair was selected as well as
the background so we don't want the
background we only want the hair so to
do that we go to select and click on
inverse or you can do that by holding
down control the control key the shift
key and by clicking I there now you see
that only the hair is selected and now
to change the main part of this tutorial
is to change the hair color and to do
that it's pretty easy just go to layer
fill layer go solid color and now this
box is gonna pop up says new layer you
see where mode is just click and then
the arrow and go on soft light and go on
okay that's gonna that's gonna bring up
the color so you can change the hair any
color you want them and that one is
going to show you a preview as you go
over the color is going to show you a
video of the hair there you go what
wanamaker hair kind of purple
so there we go and then we just click OK
and you pretty much done there you go
you got new brand new hair and you can
then you can apply this to any photo you
would like so thank you for watching and
please check out all my other videos and
thank you again